Add support to run Windows OVS in container (#5052)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/windows.md

antrea-agent and kube-proxy run as processes on host and are managed by
management Pods. It is recommended to run OVS daemons as Windows services.

> We also support running OVS processes inside container. If you don't want to

Reviewer: a container

> run antrea-agent and kube-proxy from the management Pods Antrea also provides
> scripts which help install and run these two components directly without Pod,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
run antrea-agent and kube-proxy from the management Pods, Antrea also provides
scripts which help to install and run these two components directly without Pod,
```

> please see [Manually run kube-proxy and antrea-agent on Windows worker Nodes](#Manually-run-kube-proxy-and-antrea-agent-on-Windows-worker-Nodes)

Reviewer: , please -> . Please

kubectl apply -f -
```

Since Antrea 1.13, you can deploy both antrea-agent and antrea-ovs Windows DaemonSets
with containerd runtime by applying file `antrea-windows-containerd-with-ovs.yml`. The

> following commands downloads the manifest, sets kubeAPIServerOverride, and deploys

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
following commands download the manifest, set kubeAPIServerOverride, and deploy
```

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/releases/download/<TAG>/antrea-windows-containerd.yml
```

Since Antrea 1.13, you can deploy both antrea-agent Windows and antrea-ovs Windows DaemonSet with Containerd runtime by
applying file `antrea-windows-ovs-containerd.yml`.

> Download and apply `antrea-windows-ovs-containerd.yml`.

Reviewer 3: Remove this line, no need to pre-download, we can apply a file with url.

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/releases/download/<TAG>/antrea-windows-containerd.yml
```

> Since Antrea 1.13, you can deploy both antrea-agent Windows and antrea-ovs Windows DaemonSet with Containerd runtime by

Reviewer: DaemonSet -> DaemonSets?

Containerd -> containerd
